Somebody'sThere Self
Ah
You know, not too many years ago, folks dreamed of linking great cities, not by road, not
by rail, but by air.
Journeys lasting days, reduced to hours.
Now I guess we can pretty much take all that for granted, and I guess that in itself
is a pretty good thing to celebrate.
I grew up fascinated by this city, and later became fascinated by flight.
Somehow each is influenced the growth of the other.
My personal reward has come in being able to participate in both, and realizing that
what has been achieved is more than notable.
It's truly an occasion for celebration.
To actually escape the bonds of Earth and venture into the vastness of outer space is
an experience that can only leave one filled with wonder and with awe.
But to realize that that ability has been achieved in less than a span of a single human
lifetime is truly awesome, and it's an accomplishment that we all should celebrate.
Over the years, I have visited a few hot spots in some of the strangest, most remote parts
of the whole world they are.
But it's still kind of amazing that you can go from Houston to almost anywhere in a matter
of hours.
Modern flight makes it possible for me to do my job.
Without it I couldn't.
I reckon that's a pretty good reason to celebrate.